docs/middleware/react-native.md, before:

# FinBox Lending: React Native
FinBox Lending SDK is a drop-in module that can add a digital lending journey to any mobile application.

## Setting up the bridge

1. Install the React SDK from the npm package:
    ```sh
    yarn add react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk
    ```
2. Now to auto link this native module to your app, run following command:
    ```sh
    react-native link
    ```
3. Once the linking is done you need to open Android Studio and add a maven repository url in your project level `build.gradle` file
    ```groovy
    maven {  
        url "s3://risk-manager-android-sdk/artifacts"  
        credentials(AwsCredentials) {  
            accessKey = "<ACCESS_KEY>"
            secretKey = "<SECRET_KEY>"  
        }
    }
    ```
4. Specify the following in `local.properties` file:
    ```
    AWS_KEY=<ACCESS_KEY>
    AWS_SECRET=<SECRET_KEY>
    FINBOX_LENDING_SDK_VERSION=<LENDING_SDK_VERSION>
    FINBOX_RM_SDK_VERSION=<RISK_SDK_VERSION>
    FINBOX_LENDING_ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT>
    ```
    
    Following keys will be shared by the FinBox team:

    - ACCESS_KEY & SECRET_KEY - These keys will give access to the AWS bucket to fetch SDK
    - LENDING_SDK_VERSION - Middleware Lending SDK version
    - RISK_SDK_VERSION - Device Connect SDK version
    - ENVIRONMENT - SDK environment supports [`uat` & `prod`]

5. Final change required is in the `MainApplication` class of your native app.
    ```java
    @Override  
    protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
        return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
            ....
            new RNFinboxMiddlewareSdkPackage(),
            ...
        );
    }
    ```
6. Minimum SDK Version
    Lending SDK supports a minimum SDK version of 21. So please update the minimum SDK version to 21

## Start SDK flow

Once all dependencies are added, SDK requires 3 inputs: `customer_id`, `user_token` and `client_api_key`.

::: tip Note
`user_token` needs to be generated against a `customer_id` on backend before starting the SDK. Refer [here](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#generate-token)
:::

Now that all required parameters are available, we can start the SDK flow as follows:

```javascript
import FinBoxMiddlewareSdk from 'react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk';
//Function to trigger Lending journey
const callModule = () => {
    FinBoxMiddlewareSdk.startLendingJourney(
        "CLIENT_API_KEY",
        "CUSTOMER_ID",
        "TOKEN",
        (errorMessage) => {
	    // Error Callback
            console.log("Error message -> ", errorMessage)
        }, 
        (resultCode) => {
            // Success Callback, once the user exits from the journey
	    console.log("resultCode", resultCode)
	}
    )
}
```

## Credit Line

In case of credit line product, once the lending journey is completed, user can opt-in for a credit while doing a transaction. For such a case use following method to start the credit line withdrawl journey:

```javascript
import FinBoxMiddlewareSdk from 'react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk';
//Function to trigger credit line withdrawl
const callModule = () => {
    FinBoxMiddlewareSdk.startCreditLineWithdrawl(
        "CLIENT_API_KEY",
        "CUSTOMER_ID",
        "TOKEN",
        "WITHDRAW_AMOUNT",
        "TRANSACTION_ID",
        (errorMessage) => {
	    // Error Callback
            console.log("Error message -> ", errorMessage)
        }, 
        (resultCode) => {
            // Success Callback, once the user exits from the journey
	    console.log("resultCode", resultCode)
	}
    )
}
```
- `WITHDRAW_AMOUNT` indicates the amount that a user is trying to withdraw
- `TRANSACTION_ID` will hold the transaction id for the withdrawal flow

## Callback

There are 2 callbacks that needs to be handled. 

### successCallback

Success Callback will have a `resultCode`. Possible values for `resultCode` are as follows:

| Result Code | Description |
| - | - | - |
| `MW200` | Journey is completed successfully |
| `MW500` | User exits the journey |
| `MW400` | Some error occurred in the SDK |
| `CL200` | Credit line withdrawal success |
| `CL500` | Credit line withdrawal failed |


### errorCallback

Error callback will contain the error message.

## Customizations

1. The privacy policy URL needs to be updated to the company policy. The default privacy policy is pointing to FinBox privacy. Add a String resource to specify the policy URL.

```xml
<string name="finbox_lending_privacy_policy_url">https://finbox.in/about/privacy</string>
```

::: tip Note
Make sure the value passed is a valid URL
:::

2. The toolbar title can be updated which will be visible in the Dashboard module. In order to update the toolbar just add a String resource for the same.

```xml
<string name="finbox_appbar_title">My App</string>
```

3. SDK fonts can be customised to match the parent application. The SDK used 3 main fonts as mentioned below:

```xml
<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextPrimary" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">bold-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSecondary" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">regular-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSubHead" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">semibold-font</item>
</style>
```

- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextPrimary` is used for all buttons and bold headers
- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSecondary` is the regular font that is used for regular text
- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSubHead` is the medium bold font that is used for Sections or subheadings

Customize the SDK font by adding the application `fontFamily` in the styles.

4. SDK Buttons can be customized by overriding `FBLendingAppTheme`

```xml
<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.Button" parent="Widget.MaterialComponents.Button">
    <item name="cornerRadius">16dp</item>
    <item name="fontFamily">button-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextButton" parent="Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton"></style>
```

Change button corner radius and text font as per your application theme.

Commit message:

Updated docs for correct type

docs/middleware/react-native.md, after:

# FinBox Lending: React Native
FinBox Lending SDK is a drop-in module that can add a digital lending journey to any mobile application.

## Setting up the bridge

1. Install the React SDK from the npm package:
    ```sh
    yarn add react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk
    ```
2. Now to auto link this native module to your app, run following command:
    ```sh
    react-native link
    ```
3. Once the linking is done you need to open Android Studio and add a maven repository url in your project level `build.gradle` file
    ```groovy
    maven {  
        url "s3://risk-manager-android-sdk/artifacts"  
        credentials(AwsCredentials) {  
            accessKey = "<ACCESS_KEY>"
            secretKey = "<SECRET_KEY>"  
        }
    }
    ```
4. Specify the following in `local.properties` file:
    ```
    AWS_KEY=<ACCESS_KEY>
    AWS_SECRET=<SECRET_KEY>
    FINBOX_LENDING_SDK_VERSION=<LENDING_SDK_VERSION>
    FINBOX_RM_SDK_VERSION=<RISK_SDK_VERSION>
    FINBOX_LENDING_ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT>
    ```
    
    Following keys will be shared by the FinBox team:

    - ACCESS_KEY & SECRET_KEY - These keys will give access to the AWS bucket to fetch SDK
    - LENDING_SDK_VERSION - Middleware Lending SDK version
    - RISK_SDK_VERSION - Device Connect SDK version
    - ENVIRONMENT - SDK environment supports [`uat` & `prod`]

5. Final change required is in the `MainApplication` class of your native app.
    ```java
    @Override  
    protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
        return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
            ....
            new RNFinboxMiddlewareSdkPackage(),
            ...
        );
    }
    ```
6. Minimum SDK Version
    Lending SDK supports a minimum SDK version of 21. So please update the minimum SDK version to 21

## Start SDK flow

Once all dependencies are added, SDK requires 3 inputs: `customer_id`, `user_token` and `client_api_key`.

::: tip Note
`user_token` needs to be generated against a `customer_id` on backend before starting the SDK. Refer [here](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#generate-token)
:::

Now that all required parameters are available, we can start the SDK flow as follows:

```javascript
import FinBoxMiddlewareSdk from 'react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk';
//Function to trigger Lending journey
const callModule = () => {
    FinBoxMiddlewareSdk.startLendingJourney(
        "CLIENT_API_KEY",
        "CUSTOMER_ID",
        "TOKEN",
        (errorMessage) => {
	    // Error Callback
            console.log("Error message -> ", errorMessage)
        }, 
        (resultCode) => {
            // Success Callback, once the user exits from the journey
	    console.log("resultCode", resultCode)
	}
    )
}
```

## Credit Line

In case of credit line product, once the lending journey is completed, user can opt-in for a credit while doing a transaction. For such a case use following method to start the credit line withdrawl journey:

```javascript
import FinBoxMiddlewareSdk from 'react-native-finbox-middleware-sdk';
//Function to trigger credit line withdrawl
const callModule = () => {
    FinBoxMiddlewareSdk.startCreditLineWithdrawl(
        "CLIENT_API_KEY",
        "CUSTOMER_ID",
        "TOKEN",
        WITHDRAW_AMOUNT,
        "TRANSACTION_ID",
        (errorMessage) => {
	    // Error Callback
            console.log("Error message -> ", errorMessage)
        }, 
        (resultCode) => {
            // Success Callback, once the user exits from the journey
	    console.log("resultCode", resultCode)
	}
    )
}
```

| Field | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |
| `WITHDRAW_AMOUNT` | Float | indicates the amount that a user is trying to withdraw |
| `TRANSACTION_ID` | String | will hold the transaction id for the withdrawal flow |

## Callback

There are 2 callbacks that needs to be handled. 

### successCallback

Success Callback will have a `resultCode`. Possible values for `resultCode` are as follows:

| Result Code | Description |
| - | - | - |
| `MW200` | Journey is completed successfully |
| `MW500` | User exits the journey |
| `MW400` | Some error occurred in the SDK |
| `CL200` | Credit line withdrawal success |
| `CL500` | Credit line withdrawal failed |


### errorCallback

Error callback will contain the error message.

## Customizations

1. The privacy policy URL needs to be updated to the company policy. The default privacy policy is pointing to FinBox privacy. Add a String resource to specify the policy URL.

```xml
<string name="finbox_lending_privacy_policy_url">https://finbox.in/about/privacy</string>
```

::: tip Note
Make sure the value passed is a valid URL
:::

2. The toolbar title can be updated which will be visible in the Dashboard module. In order to update the toolbar just add a String resource for the same.

```xml
<string name="finbox_appbar_title">My App</string>
```

3. SDK fonts can be customised to match the parent application. The SDK used 3 main fonts as mentioned below:

```xml
<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextPrimary" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">bold-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSecondary" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">regular-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSubHead" parent="TextAppearance.AppCompat">
    <item name="fontFamily">semibold-font</item>
</style>
```

- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextPrimary` is used for all buttons and bold headers
- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSecondary` is the regular font that is used for regular text
- `FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextSubHead` is the medium bold font that is used for Sections or subheadings

Customize the SDK font by adding the application `fontFamily` in the styles.

4. SDK Buttons can be customized by overriding `FBLendingAppTheme`

```xml
<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.Button" parent="Widget.MaterialComponents.Button">
    <item name="cornerRadius">16dp</item>
    <item name="fontFamily">button-font</item>
</style>

<style name="FBLendingAppTheme.FinBox.TextButton" parent="Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton"></style>
```

Change button corner radius and text font as per your application theme.
