docs/middleware/web-sdk.md, before:


# FinBox Lending: Web

FinBox Lending SDK is a drop-in module that can add a digital lending journey to any mobile or web application.
## Workflow

The flow for web SDK involves following steps:
- Create a user using [Create User](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#create-user) API (One Time)
- Get Eligibility of the user using [Get Eligibility](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#get-eligibility) API (One time)

Now everytime user initiates/resumes their lending journey by clicking on a banner/button on your app/website:
- Call the [Session API](#session-api) to get the URL, which can be rendered in a web view, or can be redirected to
- Once user completes the journey they are redirected to the specified URL.

:::warning NOTE
- All the above APIs are called at server side.
- [Webhook](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#webhook) can be configured to get updates about the loan applications.
:::

## Session API
To start with the integration, call the following API to create a user session:

::: tip Endpoint
POST **`base_url`/v1/user/session**
:::

### Authentication
This API require a **Server API Key** to be passed in `x-api-key` **header**. This API Key will be shared directly by FinBox along with `base_url`. Make sure this key is not exposed in any of your client side applications.

### Request Format
```json
{
    "customerID": "somecustomerid",
    "redirectURL": "https://yoururl/redirect/to/after/user/exits"
}
```

::: warning NOTE
- Once the user exits the loan journey at any point, the SDK will redirect to the above specified URL
- Make sure this API is called only when the user is created and eligibility is fetched.
:::

### Response
```json
{
    "data": {
        "url": "https://lending.finbox.in/session/167af08b-b33f-47f3"
    },
    "error": "",
    "status": true
}
```
Use `url` to open up the Lending SDK. This URL can be:
- embedded inside an `<iframe>`
- rendered in a mobile Web View
- opened in a new tab or current window.

### Error Cases
| Case | HTTP Code |
| - | - |
| Missing customerID | 403 |
| Missing redirectURL | 403 |
| User does not exist | 404 |
| User eligibility not available | 400 |
| User not eligible for loan | 403 |

## Integrating DeviceConnect

Web SDK holds the entire lending journey without capturing any user device information (alternate data). Loan approval rate depends on the data that is available, to boost the approval rate of a customer without any bureau data we recommend the use of **DeviceConnect**. 

We support DeviceConnect integration for the following platforms. Please refer the integration doc for the same below:
1. [Android SDK | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/android.html)
2. [React Native | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/react-native.html)
3. [Cordova | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/cordova.html)

## Credit Line
In case of credit line, once the lending journey is completed, user can opt-in for a credit while doing a transaction.For such a case use the **Session API** with two extra inputs `withdrawAmount` and `transactionID`.

::: tip Endpoint
POST **`base_url`/v1/user/session**
:::

### Request Format
```json
{
    "customerID": "somecustomerid",
    "redirectURL": "https://yoururl/redirect/to/after/user/exits",
    "withdrawAmount": 18000,
    "transactionID": "some_txn_id"
}
```
- `withdrawAmount` is the amount (in **Float**) that the user is trying to withdraw.
- `transactionID` is the transaction ID (in **String**) for the withdrawal.

## Customizations

You can share the following JSON (or its subset) with FinBox team to customize the look and feel of the lending journey:
```json
{
    "primaryTextColor": "#3E3E3E",
    "secondaryTextColor": "#24CA7A",
    "secondaryTextBackground": "#d8f9ee",
    "primaryButtonBackground": "#24CA7A",
    "primaryButtonTextColor": "white",
    "secondaryButtonBackground": "white",
    "secondaryButtonTextColor": "#3E3E3E",
    "secondaryButtonBorderColor": "#24CA7A",
    "buttonDisabledBackground": "#d4d4d4",
    "buttonDisabledTextColor": "white",
    "cardBackground": "#F4F8FC",
    "warningCardBackground": "#FFF2DC",
    "tileBackground": "#F3F3F3",
    "errorColor": "#ff6d55",
    "focusColor": "#24CA7A",
    "focusBackground": "#d8f9ee"
}
```

Commit message:

Added details on source field

docs/middleware/web-sdk.md, after:


# FinBox Lending: Web

FinBox Lending SDK is a drop-in module that can add a digital lending journey to any mobile or web application.
## Workflow

The flow for web SDK involves following steps:
- Create a user using [Create User](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#create-user) API (One Time)
- Get Eligibility of the user using [Get Eligibility](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#get-eligibility) API (One time)

Now everytime user initiates/resumes their lending journey by clicking on a banner/button on your app/website:
- Call the [Session API](#session-api) to get the URL, which can be rendered in a web view, or can be redirected to
- Once user completes the journey they are redirected to the specified URL.

:::warning NOTE
- All the above APIs are called at server side.
- [Webhook](/middleware/sourcing-rest-api.html#webhook) can be configured to get updates about the loan applications.
:::

## Session API
To start with the integration, call the following API to create a user session:

::: tip Endpoint
POST **`base_url`/v1/user/session**
:::

### Authentication
This API require a **Server API Key** to be passed in `x-api-key` **header**. This API Key will be shared directly by FinBox along with `base_url`. Make sure this key is not exposed in any of your client side applications.

### Request Format
```json
{
    "customerID": "somecustomerid",
    "redirectURL": "https://yoururl/redirect/to/after/user/exits"
}
```

::: warning NOTE
- Once the user exits the loan journey at any point, the SDK will redirect to the above specified URL
- Make sure this API is called only when the user is created and eligibility is fetched.
:::

::: warning Tracking Source
In case you are using same API key across different platforms, and want to track the source of the user, also pass a string field `source` in the request body, indicating a unique source from which the user is accessing the SDK from.
:::

### Response
```json
{
    "data": {
        "url": "https://lending.finbox.in/session/167af08b-b33f-47f3"
    },
    "error": "",
    "status": true
}
```
Use `url` to open up the Lending SDK. This URL can be:
- embedded inside an `<iframe>`
- rendered in a mobile Web View
- opened in a new tab or current window.

### Error Cases
| Case | HTTP Code |
| - | - |
| Missing customerID | 403 |
| Missing redirectURL | 403 |
| User does not exist | 404 |
| User eligibility not available | 400 |
| User not eligible for loan | 403 |

## Integrating DeviceConnect

Web SDK holds the entire lending journey without capturing any user device information (alternate data). Loan approval rate depends on the data that is available, to boost the approval rate of a customer without any bureau data we recommend the use of **DeviceConnect**. 

We support DeviceConnect integration for the following platforms. Please refer the integration doc for the same below:
1. [Android SDK | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/android.html)
2. [React Native | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/react-native.html)
3. [Cordova | FinBox Documentation](https://docs.finbox.in/device-connect/cordova.html)

## Credit Line
In case of credit line, once the lending journey is completed, user can opt-in for a credit while doing a transaction.For such a case use the **Session API** with two extra inputs `withdrawAmount` and `transactionID`.

::: tip Endpoint
POST **`base_url`/v1/user/session**
:::

### Request Format
```json
{
    "customerID": "somecustomerid",
    "redirectURL": "https://yoururl/redirect/to/after/user/exits",
    "withdrawAmount": 18000,
    "transactionID": "some_txn_id"
}
```
- `withdrawAmount` is the amount (in **Float**) that the user is trying to withdraw.
- `transactionID` is the transaction ID (in **String**) for the withdrawal.

### Error Cases
| Case | HTTP Code |
| - | - |
| transactionID already exists | 409 |

## Customizations

You can share the following JSON (or its subset) with FinBox team to customize the look and feel of the lending journey:
```json
{
    "primaryTextColor": "#3E3E3E",
    "secondaryTextColor": "#24CA7A",
    "secondaryTextBackground": "#d8f9ee",
    "primaryButtonBackground": "#24CA7A",
    "primaryButtonTextColor": "white",
    "secondaryButtonBackground": "white",
    "secondaryButtonTextColor": "#3E3E3E",
    "secondaryButtonBorderColor": "#24CA7A",
    "buttonDisabledBackground": "#d4d4d4",
    "buttonDisabledTextColor": "white",
    "cardBackground": "#F4F8FC",
    "warningCardBackground": "#FFF2DC",
    "tileBackground": "#F3F3F3",
    "errorColor": "#ff6d55",
    "focusColor": "#24CA7A",
    "focusBackground": "#d8f9ee"
}
```
